fix(render): server islands in fragments (#14029)
withastro/astro: .changeset/great-sloths-rule.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Fixes a bug where server islands wouldn't be correctly rendered when they rendered inside fragments.
> 
> Now the following example works as expected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where server islands wouldn't be correctly rendered when they are rendered inside fragments.

Now the following examples work as expected:
```

---
'astro': patch
---

> Fixes a bug where Server Island wouldn't work when rendered inside a Fragment component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where Server Islands wouldn't work when rendered inside a Fragment component.
```

Author: I changed the wording. Please review again @sarah11918  and @ascorbic
